you could just hear people whispering
true true
I wouldn't be surprised that he's as
good today as he was back there oh my
nose Oh Jim what
my favorite symbol means a girlfriend
that is the 50th anniversary of Rucker
Park this term is the center of the
street ball universe what makes you
think you have a chance
similar like you combine an old school
with the new school I'll do it on one
condition
anything you want it's gotta be Monty my
roster okay anything but then you look
like Wolverines grandfather that's none
of my business that's your look hey put
your baby behind his back you let this
man step curry your baby to show what
I'm told up show base care to take it
outside
[Music]
the only way to defeat was enemy is the
become one's enemy wait what wait wait
you're psycho you don't stop playing
because you beat a hole and get old
because you stop playing
sucker punch is the first free throw you
have me
[Applause]